Asia
in the Home Counties full of
stockbrokers ladies who lunch and
golfers 35,000 rounds of golf replayed
every year on Asia's more plays golf
course that should be more than Earth to
keep the attachment thought but none of
the golfers ever go nor does anyone else
I've never seen such a sorry-looking
dining room I have just the week to turn
the place around and that's a tall order
Jesus Christ Eliza monstrosity um
first impressions um I'll turn it into
an open prison for young offenders
because it looks [ __ ] ghastly yeah I
think this could be my toughest job yet
I've come to try out the food more
purple everywhere but the place is
deserted
looks like I'm dining alone not a good
sign
god knows what they could to serve me
deep-fried camembert have I gone back in
time they'll offer we're about to
receive may I not be poisoned for the
fourth time in four months our men Jesus
here among the aforementioned fish
fingers that's disgusting
thank God have got some wine to wash it
down God dear oh dear
it absolutely stinks it's caught where
is everybody still at least I can be
sure no one's watching me
next a huge duck a L'Orange I have gone
back in time
it's the culinary equivalent of flared
trousers meal all right then mm-hmm this
duck tastes like it grew up in the 1970s
he's not exactly [ __ ] tender there's a
popular dish duck a L'Orange
not really No have a little taste
it's quite tough now that's really
difficult Dean yeah I know you should
always been out no I gonna sort it's
still in there oh just want you to
swallow horrible food no wonder this
place is in trouble
clueless completely clueless but on the
verge of being embarrassing
hmm so what do you think about you mean
tonight
hello play or for sale
I'm lost for words almost nail though